Adding `artifacts` section to docs (#4481)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/project-structure/dvcyaml-files.md

`dvc.yaml` files are designed to be small enough so you can easily version them
with Git along with other <abbr>DVC files</abbr> and your project's code.

## Artifacts

This section allows you to declare structured metadata about your artifacts.
Although you can specify artifacts of any `type`, we are in the process of
building a DVC-based [model registry](/doc/use-cases/model-registry) that will
use any artifacts with `type: model`. Specically, they will appear in

> [Studio Model Registry](/doc/studio) (coming soon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Studio Model Registry](/doc/studio/user-guide/model-registry/what-is-a-model-registry) (coming soon).
```

```yaml
artifacts:
  cv-classification: # artifact ID (name)
    path: models/resnet.pt
    type: model
    desc: 'CV classification model, ResNet50'
    labels:
      - resnet50
      - classification
    meta:
      framework: pytorch
```

Artifact IDs

> [must](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/main/dvc/repo/artifacts.py#L16)

Reviewer: Is it common for our docs to refer to lines in the codebase like this?

Author: Not sure, but I felt like giving this link should be helpful for those who're looking for more details.

Reviewer 2: @aguschin Do you know if using a number as the first character is problematic? If not, could we drop the restriction for `The first character must be a letter.`? The rest of the logic seems pretty straightforward.

Author: From the top of my head, can't think why it can be a problem. I copied your suggestion to https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/9345, so I can check this and update restrictions in that PR. For this docs PR, let's not change what's currently here since it's what is implemented rn.

Reviewer 3: I also think we should avoid this - it's a bit jarring to jump into code, and also it adds fragility if we do as little as add/remove an import line and this will move 1 line down/up.
I would just copy the regex into docs and decouple it from the line in the code base and save the reader a "jump"

Author: ok, fixed that.

`dvc.yaml` files are designed to be small enough so you can easily version them
with Git along with other <abbr>DVC files</abbr> and your project's code.

## Artifacts

This section allows you to declare structured metadata about your artifacts.
Although you can specify artifacts of any `type`, we are in the process of
building a DVC-based [model registry](/doc/use-cases/model-registry) that will

> use any artifacts with `type: model`. Specically, they will appear in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
pick up any artifacts with type `model`. Additionally, they will be picked up and supported by
```

are defined at the file level and include all parameters in the file. See
`dvc params` for more information and how to compare between experiments.

## Artifacts

This section contains one or more artifact you want to declare in order to build
a [Model Registry](/doc/use-cases/model-registry), Data Registry or more generic

> Artifact Registry.

Reviewer 2: You also may want to update the intro at the top of the page to mention `artifacts`.

```yaml
artifacts:
  cv-classification:
    path: models/cv.pkl
    type: model

> ```

Author: @dberenbaum does it make sense to show a compete example here? I.e. add labels, desc, meta, WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Yes, let's show an example with all the fields. We also need a reference here of all the artifact fields (see https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvcyaml-files#stage-entries or https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvcyaml-files#available-configuration-fields), and we need to mention whatever rules we have for artifact names.

Artifacts with `type: model` will appear in

> [Studio Model Registry](/doc/studio).

Reviewer 2: Let's make clear it's being built and doesn't work yet.
